Please find my reply below:

1) Explore Menu prompt not working
Ans: I didn’t work on it. It is the same as it is in provided in code files. So there might be a possibility that you don't have the same code which belongs to the release build (2.0). The same thing we faced with App icon which was not in provided files and I worked on it again. So there might be a possibility of what I just mentioned.
You: What is the event name for displaying the Menu?
My Reply: display_menu
This event name does not appear in the Events Menu – explain why not or complete task.

EVENT HAS BEEN CREATED

2) Reduce Icon size 75%
Ans: Which icon, APP icon? App icon size is fixed and different in dimensions for all devices (iPhone8 to iPhone 11 max pro)
You: The solution is a smaller Message Format. The format used for Cloud Messages is suitable or Top Banner is there is no time limitation.
My Reply: Ok, I will setup a banner instead of modal In app message.
Pending completion

5) PlanFinder Instruction Prompt should display 1st view of Table of Contents (Menu) not List of Videos. What is the event name for "view Table of Contents (Menu)?
Ans: - What do you mean by “1st view of Table of Contents” (Menu) this is a video list. Please send a screenshot of the app screen where I need to display that.
You: The Menu Prompt should display on 1st view of the Menu. See attached Menu Screenshot.
My Reply: Okay, The event name of display menu content: “view_first_tableContent” at the firebase.
Change event name to 1st menu view.Pending completion

Done.

6) Darden Promo goal is not set for Form_Conversion
Ans: “Darden Promo goal ” you should have mentioned all these things in requirement clearly. I haven't covered this in the project scope. This is the most important Message. What is your solution? 7) Why not, Form_Submit s an event?
Ans: Form_Submit event, I am sure you are aware that your App has developed using WebView Display of form. ReactNative provides some methods to communicate with WebViews content by using “inject js”, “onMessage”, “post message”, I have tried all these solutions but I didn’t get the access of "Submit" button event. Because it's not possible to do all things in WebViews which is possible in native things only.
You: Should I delegate this task to Ver.2.0 Developer? Are there any other tasks I should delegate to Ver2.0 Developer?
My Reply: You can delegate this one for sure. No, there aren’t any.

8) don't know what you are referring to. Have you implemented " Test Messaging"?
Ans: Where is it mentioned, "Test Messaging"?
You: See attached screenshot.
My Reply: Ok, For this I need your device to get your “FCM” token or we need to code more to save your FCM token by fetching it from your device (2nd option is an add-on in this case).
Google Search uncovered this:
Where can I find FCM registration token?
Using new API, you can get token like this: FirebaseInstanceId. getInstance(). getInstanceId().
...
New Firebase token is generated ( onTokenRefresh() is called) when:
1.      The app deletes Instance ID.
2.      The app is restored on a new device.
3.      The user uninstalls/reinstall the app.
4.      The user clears app data.
Does this help?
Me :no Instance ID is not fcm token , we suggest to send cloud message to Topic "Medicare" , instead of fcm token,
I have subscribed this "Medicare" topic to send cloud message to
all users without specify FCM token

8) Implement Financial FactFinder prompt using Form_Submit event
Ans: I have already mentioned, it's not possible to detect the event of form submit button, and it's success or failure functionality.
You: Will delegate to Ver2.0 Developer.
My Reply: Sure

9) Can you create a "Viewed Financial FactFinder" event?
Ans: I can create a new. “form_closed” event that is already created.
You: Form_closed = Medicare FactFinder. This task relates to creating an event for opening Financial FactFinder. Can you create this event?
My Reply: - Yes, I have created “financial_form_started” event - Completed

11) Please create "Opened Table of Contents"(Menu) event, if it exists, what is its name.
Ans: What do you mean by “Table of Contents” "(Menu) please attach screenshot.
You: See the screenshot.
My Reply: Okay Got it, and created related event. What is the new event name?
Me :display_menu / 1st_menu_view both event will work for it.
12) Provide definitions for each event.
Ans: I can share each event. Please find below:

Sr. No. EVENT DESCRIPTION
1. financial_form_started: When final form opened.
You: Does this mean Financial FactFinder form opened?
ANS : YES
2. form_open:
When “Feedback form” open Double check this event behavior
You: If Form_open = Client Feedback Form opened, the Menu Prompt In-App schedule set up is incorrect. A “Menu Open” event should be created to replace
My Reply:- There are two events, 1. form_open = feedbacks form open event 2. form_opened = Medicare fact-finder form open.
form_open has 1125 hits vs form_opened =257 hits. This data does not support form_open = Feedback form. The data supports form_open = Medicare Factfinder. Confirm the behavior associated with form_open. & form_opened

You:Change event name form_open to CFB_open. Change event name form_opened to MFF_opened after confirming each events behavior.
Me: I have replaced form_open to "CFB_open" and "form_opened" to "MFF_opened" and I have alerdy confirm that
CFB_open = feedback form open in app
MFF_opened = Medicare factfinder form open in app

3. instruction_end:
When Video instruction ended.
4. video_list_displayed:
When Video List Displayed (1st view of table content)
You: WRONG, The Table of Contents = PlanFinder Instructions, Medicare FactFinder, Financial FactFinder, Educational Videos, Client Feedback Form
My Reply: Okay, I have replaced as you mentioned.
Change the event name for this behavior to Menu_view.
Me:We have already changed "display_menu" ,"1st_view_table" as you mentioed in your earlier comments, and its working

5. On_Notification:
When the user clicks on notification and message is received.
6. form_opened:
When Fact finder form opened.
You: Medicare FactFinder form opened
My Reply: Yes.
7. form_closed:
When fact finder form closed.
You: Medicare FactFinder form is closed
My Reply: Yes.
8. instruction_start: When instruction started, but for now its commented, because it was not relevant to your requirements mentioned in the PDF.
You: Has this event been created?
My Reply:- Yes, but as I mentioned its commented in code, now I opened and logged in firebase. It will be available to use in the next 24 hours(Firebase take time to list that).
13) Create A/B Testing for messages with conversion tracking.
Ans: This is a new task, you should mention conversation tracking before. If you agree, please share the requirements more specifically.
The project scope included A/B Testing of the Darden Promo. This task needs to be completed.
Me: We have already implemented as you mentioned and PDF notification based conversation recording and A/B testing , for rest add-on
Client: Cloud: A) 2021 AEP Prompt B) Darden Gift Card Promo, In-App: C) Prepare to complete the Medicare FactFinder
My Reply:- Please describe in Brief every and each message, Like how many users (%) you want to target. How many tests you want to create. Please note that I have earlier mentioned this point as an add-on after your approval I will start working on it.
Ignore, will be included in a future project.

Apart from this, I have the following concerns:
1. I can’t review or edit the Churn or Review App Cloud Messages. How to resolve this?
My Reply:- It wasn't included in this project scope. So please consider it as an add-on.
The project scope includes full implementation of FCM/In-App messaging. The ability to review and edit messages is assumed to be included.

2. Place the word “Menu” next to the Menu Icon
Ans: Add-on, I need to work on it as I will be creating custom code. It is not just like adding a text or replacing a text.
Ignore, included in future project.
